Add collections page (#359)
OpenTermsArchive/opentermsarchive.org: content/_index.en.md

  subtitle: Open Terms Archive publicly records every version of the terms of digital services to enable democratic oversight.
  link: "[Discover how that makes a difference →]({{< relref path=\"/impact\" >}})"
collections:

>   title: Featured collections

Reviewer: When seeing the result, I don't find it relevant to have a title at all.

Reviewer 2: I tested it without title and with the text you suggest and I approve

Author: Ok

>   subtitle: We establish partnerships and structure them in collections to track the terms of many industries, in several languages and jurisdictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  subtitle: Collections are created by groups of interest to track the terms of services operating in specific industries, languages and jurisdictions. Here are some examples.
```
